feat: enable configuration of temporality in opentelemetry metrics (#13267)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/metrics.md

You can use the [OpenTelemetry operator](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/kubernetes/operator/) to setup the collector and instrument the workflow-controller.

> You can adjust temporality of the OpenTelemetry metrics configuration by changing values in the [Workflow Controller Config Map](workflow-controller-configmap.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the temporality of OpenTelemetry metrics in the [Workflow Controller ConfigMap](workflow-controller-configmap.md).
```

- ConfigMap is one word (also UpperCamelCase, per [k8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#api-resource-names))
- simplify -- lot of redundant words here

Reviewer: OTel link for temporality would be good here too

Author: Link added
